[Music]
Today I make aubergine from paprika
For this I first halve an aubergine
and put three peppers into life
I've gotten out of the oven now
on 230 degree grill and recirculation level
preheated
then I give up the eggplant peppers
a baking tray with the skin side behind
above
Everything goes for about 15 minutes in the
Oven until the skin of the paprika
nice black then I give everything in
an extra bowl and cover it with
clear film for about ten minutes from
[Music]
After ten minutes of casual black
skin of the paprika and have the inside
eggplant with a spoon
[Music]
where alabaster
Now I give two garlic cloves in
the mixed off and on to smaller ones these two
seconds at level eight
[Music]
I'll give it to the garlic
dissolved eggplants and paprika
[Music]
and everything is crushed eight seconds
at level 5
for the sharpness I enter now
teaspoons for those who like sharper gives him
a little more to that amount all over again
two seconds on level 5
[Music]
Now everything is heated for five minutes
at 90 degrees and level three
[Music]
now I give 40 grams of olive oil to
and a teaspoon of salt, I have today in
malaga salt taken
[Music]
[Applause]
one gets heated again minutes
at 90 degrees and level 2
[Music]
dr
until further processing , I feel
Everything in a small glass and storage
in the refrigerator
as always you will find the recipe and
empire apelles blogspot DE and me
again on the market
rhubarb I have you the
link below left to the discount
thank you for watching
[Music]